[shopsys] product files support (#3288)
shopsys/shopsys: upgrade-notes/backend_20240726_093001.md

#### product files support ([#3288](https://github.com/shopsys/shopsys/pull/3288))

> -   Filesystem directory structure changed for `UploadedFile` has changed. Files are now stored in parent directory directly and not in subdirectories by entity name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   Filesystem directory structure for `UploadedFile` has changed. Files are now stored in the parent directory directly and not in subdirectories by entity name.
```

> -   Filesystem directory structure changed for `UploadedFile` has changed. Files are now stored in parent directory directly and not in subdirectories by entity name.
>     Migration command `\Shopsys\FrameworkBundle\Command\MigrateUploadedFilesCommand` is provided to move files to the new structure and runs automatically
>     as part phing target `build-deploy-part-2-db-dependent`. Make sure to back up all uploaded files before deploying this change as it may result in data loss.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    as a part of phing target `build-deploy-part-2-db-dependent`. Make sure to back up all uploaded files before deploying this change as it may result in data loss.
```

>     as part phing target `build-deploy-part-2-db-dependent`. Make sure to back up all uploaded files before deploying this change as it may result in data loss.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    as a part of phing target `build-deploy-part-2-db-dependent`. Make sure to back up all uploaded files before deploying this change as it may result in data loss.
```

#### product files support ([#{3288}](https://github.com/shopsys/shopsys/pull/3288))

-   uploaded files changes

    -   translations introduced for `UploadedFile` entity for support of localized names
        -   `UploadedFileTranslation` entity was introduced
        -   `UploadedFile` now extends `AbstractTranslatableEntity`

>         -   `UploadedFileData` properties added

Reviewer: I do not mind that you mentioned these kinds of changes as well, I just wanted to say we usually do not do that (as they are not BC breaks)

Reviewer: on the other hand, I have found a few BC breaking changes that should be mentioned here:
- `FileUpload::getTemporaryFilename()` changed its visibility from protected to public
- removal of `UploadedFile::getEntityName()` and the other methods - however, you mention the removed properties so I believe you can just enhance the note (something like "these properties were moved along with the related functionality into `UploadedFileRelation`"
- `UploadedFile::checkForDelete()` method was removed (without replacement, right?)
- `UploadedFileFactory(+Interface)` methods changes (however, there are default values in the new method arguments, so technically, no BC breaks here :shrug: )
- `ProductDataFactory` constructor change
- `ProductFacade`  constructor change

Author: upgrade notes rewritten

        -   `UploadedFileFacade::manageFiles` method was updated to handle translations
        -   `UploadedFileFacade::uploadFile` and `UploadedFileFacade::uploadFiles` methods updated and added a required parameter for names
        -   `MultiLocaleFileUploadType` was introduced to handle file uploads with translations
    -   relations support
        -   `UploadedFile` entity fields `entityName`, `entityId`, `type` and `position` were moved to `UploadedFileRelation`, enabling the storage of multiple relations for one file. Data needs to be migrated over.

>         -   `UploadedFile` constructor was updated to reflect the new structure

Reviewer: in the upgrade notes, we are trying to explicitly show how the interfaces changed using diffs, see e.g. https://github.com/shopsys/shopsys/blob/15.0/upgrade-notes/backend_20240529_084428.md#add-rounding-and-discount-as-a-separate-order-item-types-3056

I know it can be exhausting so maybe we can discuss this kind of upgrade instructions within the team but I am afraid this general information has not that big added value for those who are actually doing the upgrade of their project

Author: upgrade notes rewritten
